positive: I really loved my time here. The amount of research volunteers / higher learning experiences that are offered is so incredible. Most of my profs were really kind and fun, and the scenery is absolutely stunning. York is so green and relaxing! Food places are not bad but the campus is so big it really makes it a thrilling adventure!
neutral: The campus is huge and beautiful, but they need to work on their professors and managements.
negative: It's a good place to get a degree. The social life? meh. The food? bad. Living on campus? definitely a choice. The ambiance? where. Will you have respect for yourself when you graduate? no. Is the campus objectively really ugly? yes. Will you get lost? for sure. Will you graduate with a liberal arts degree and then go "now what?" 100% guaranteed!
positive: I am currently in my 1st year at York and I have NOT found any of the complaints about York to be true. I feel the people who complain about the school's social life have not put effort into socializing. York does not have many parties BUT it's easy to take the train downtown and go to the clubs/frats there. The administration and food are 10/10
negative: York is a horrible university! It has gone on strike many times! There have been shootings and sexual assaults! Employers lie about halal food! Professors are very rude and get angry easily! They accuse you of harassment easily and file false complaints against you! The internet never works! Its a dangerous place like being in a dungeon!
negative: Overall an okay school, but safety remains a concern for many students
neutral: I found York to be a terrible school for learning, but I really liked the campus. It had every convenience you could possibly think of. There were multiple ways of getting to your classes from any one building to another with a maximum five minutes of having to be out in the snow at any time. English was extremely ideological and not educational.
negative: It is what you make of it. Many people (like myself) commute and really just show up for class and leave. So there is a lack of "school spirit". Positives: The library has a lot of great resources, good professors and subway station on campus. Negatives: Food options are overpriced and not too good, negative reputation regarding campus safety.
negative: This school is not safe at all! This school is ALWAYS on strike.
negative: This school is as good as any other, nothing incredible but its not bad, love the campus.
negative: If you value your self as a human being please stay away. Years of my life wasted in this terrible place. The worst administration in the world. Nobody answers their phones. Email responses are egregiously slow AT BEST. The online resources are stone age and borderline unusable. Keep your eyes up so you don’t get stabbed and robbed on campus
negative: Good school for learning and reputation; sucks for social life and safety due to location being beside the hood and far away from Downtown Toronto.
positive: York University in Toronto has 11 faculties offering diverse educational and research opportunities to over 55,000 students. It promotes interdisciplinary initiatives, inventive curriculum design, and hands-on learning.
positive: York is popular in law, business, liberal arts, fine arts and etc. It seems that the separate departments are looked up to but as a whole people look down on York. I learned so much this year and I am excited. My favourite part about York is the professors and opportunities as I learned a lot and got a placement in my subject area in my first year
postive: I am honestly having a great time. You will encounter good and bad situations but it is what you make of it. Learn from moments and build many connections. Learned so much!
neutral: Only going here cuz it's close to home. But my program is good, profs are usually good, lots of opportunity and funding for my program. People are pretty nice too, haven't struggled socially here.
negative: York is a horrible university! It has gone on strike many times! There have been shootings and sexual assaults! Employers lie about halal food! Professors are very rude and get angry easily! They suspect you of academic breaches easily and make you fail courses because of it! The internet never works! Its a dangerous place like being in a dungeon!
neutral: Good overall - it is ultimately what you make out of it. Location is in a bit jankier part of town but at least it is close to downtown and has two stations on campus. Education quality is fine, nothing amazing but gets the job done. If you want to leave university with friends you have to put in the effort!
negative: A very "keep to yourself" school. Hard to make friends. Not very safe at least since last year. Food sucks.
